Basic audio transformer docs edits (#302)
opentok/opentok-web-samples: Basic-Audio-Transformer/README.md

=======================

This sample application shows how to use a basic transformer with the Vonage
Video APIs. It is very similar to the [Basic Video Chat](../Basic%20Video%20Chat/) example but it adds [transformer.js](./js/transformer.js), [worker-media-processor.js](./js/worker-media-processor.js), and [worker.js](./js/worker.js) files which create an audio transformer, a web worker, and a separate thread for the web worker publishing a transformed audio stream that publishes the audio below the cutoff value of 100Hz.

## Demo

You can see a demo of this sample running at [opentok.github.io/opentok-web-samples/Basic-Audio-Transformer/](https://opentok.github.io/opentok-web-samples/Basic-Audio-Transformer/)

> > **Note** The demo is set up so that a new room is generated based on your public IP address. So it will only work if you are connecting from two browsers on the same network.

Reviewer: This was copied from `Basic-Video-Chat`. If we need to reword it, we could change to:

```suggestion
It will only work if you are connecting from two browser tabs on the same network.
```

## Installing dependencies

> Before running the app, install the Node modules it uses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use Node v14 for this sample application. Before running the app, install the Node modules it uses:
```

```
npm install
```

## Running the App

*Important:* Read the following sections of the main README file for the repository to set up
and test the application:

* [Setting up the test web service](../README.md#setting-up-the-test-web-service)

* [Configuring the application](../README.md#configuring-the-application)

* [Testing the application](../README.md#testing-the-application) -- Note however that this
  sample requires that you serve the index.html page via an http://localhost server or an
  HTTPS server. This is because the sample loads the app.js script with `type` set to `"module"`:

  ```
  <script type="module" src="js/app.js"></script>
  ```

  Modules are not supported in pages loaded with a file: URL scheme.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have `Python 3` installed, test the application with: `python3 -m http.server`
```
